and now we are going to fool you
balls
for this we take the ball 10 or 12
inches
cut paste stick
9 mm.
ok she come
we tied the ribbon now put on
we are selling the balloon and accordingly now
we had
finally you blow a little
close the cylinder so as not to tear
and this step because if complete
the balloon then the pressure can burst even
an interesting moment when we inflate in the summer
all you room we go out into the cold
Coke on put the ball is inflated why
significantly very very strong and only
you go warm room tie
consider so here we lean
ribbon
we twist the ball we twist the ball and
tying up
you do it
and it turns out such a foil ball
Velcro